OKTA-459955 Embedded SPA + Auth JS for Vue.js (#3010)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/sign-in-to-spa-authjs/main/vue/next-steps.md

> After you've completed a basic-sign flow Vue.js app, you can extend your app's sign-in experience by adding features such as multifactor, self-registration, or social IdP authentication. For each of these uses cases, you need to thoroughly understand the [Interaction Code flow](/docs/guides/implement-grant-type/interactioncode/main/#interaction-code-flow) to handle all the possible remediation steps of the interaction. In addition to implementing the remediation steps for these use cases in your app code, you need to configure your Okta org and the sign-on policies for your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you complete a basic-sign flow for the Vue.js app, you can extend your app's sign-in experience by adding features such as multifactor, self-registration, or social IdP authentication. For each of these uses cases, you need to thoroughly understand the [Interaction Code flow](/docs/guides/implement-grant-type/interactioncode/main/#interaction-code-flow) to handle all the possible remediation steps of the interaction. In addition to implementing the remediation steps for these use cases in your app code, you need to configure your Okta org and the sign-on policies for your app.
```
